[Music]
Pass me guys what's up greetings to
all the people who are watching this on
YouTube thank you very much to the people who watch
this then in the YouTube summary
then the YouTube re-upload comes out it's not that there are
an incredible number of people
but they are loyal they are loyal and
I'm going to keep uploading the live do you
want me to keep uploading the director
YouTube or I'll pass not many people watch it but anyway he
leaves it and not like a
video library like a library
Christ apologized on TV because of
who he looked for who and why
who and why I
saw that he took the guy from FACUA to his program to
his friend that his colleague are colleagues there
and he went there well to talk that I don't
know who about the hoaxes that he had
told us when I know how many hours counting and
him as a guy we will
talk we will talk about that if it works for you keep uploading the good ones Lucas it's not that it's incredible but I don't know incredible but more than anything for the people who apart from having the library and so that all the live shows stay uploaded somewhere and
public
also for the people who use it as a
radio man
don't stop uploading please the
Turin subscription is very expensive
verbal I'm going to be
remember about the live shows you say
erase the difference to youtube it's true it's
erased it's
erased
javi the headquarters was live during
his stratum and when it finished he published a
tweet about you you're [ __ ] kidding me
man
and thank you very much
remember to leave prime if you have
amazon prime leave it here man if
not that money is only 10 pesos
he said we're on twitter
leaving a bad vibe
and stadiums
and I
say we're in tweets I
mean we're really in tourist
on youtube on youtube 1,500 2,000
viewers
here look we're 500 people god
well you know what I'm telling you the beer that since
one is ashamed to talk about
me
because the truth is I agree with you it's
ashamed
let's let you talk about yourself
daily let's see what he
said now
paula is working again today
paula has worked today a second
contribution
what are you containing me
but what are you with this what a surprise
paulo what a
surprise
the same the next day that I have to
work that I have work whoever I have that I
never work that I pay
someone from the team I give you something good
five years of extra to the tailor you are going to
charge me with almost one hundred thousand visits
but bluetooth 2.0 this particular
also installed the update to
have long distance relationships respecting
this time of social distance you
simply find a very conscious mother the
advice mother is very conscious they don't
hear but this has been
very useful to know this has been
really important I mean
I like dogs with
bluetooth now guys I wish I could take
mine out via bluetooth I often get
lazy at 11 in the morning when I
finish dude taking the dog out someone on his
live stream talked about channels that
always repeat the same content
for example those who always play the
same game
don't attend events to be on their own it's
the same and all this
for fear of losing beat wars
auron says he's not going to play a
game again because yesterday half
the people left and then although he doesn't say it for
himself he says he knows streamers who get
three years with the same content  that
you're fed up if they can't change because
when they do they run out of groceries
in addition to that item and ibai
has also happened to them for example that they ask them to
play something and when they do they don't
support them when I was like like like let's see
this all berklee because it's not
clear to me you have explained it and with the [ __ ]
ass to my
house in
a row Tuesday today no and I don't know if I'm
going to continue because you country half of
you the truth is you are sons of
[ __ ] if you go half with which let's
see it's okay that you don't care about the
numbers I don't care a bit but
I'm not stupid either if I see that he goes
halfway through the stream then I don't play that
was him forget loyalty find you are
my drug your soul the vips most
anti-aircraft that [ __ ] you man but he doesn't
carry brothers half of although he usually has
120,000 viewers half of which
are 60,000
that stayed in the 60 and 70 thousand years
to see I also want a single
view of one thing is no  being
obsessed and looking at everything
and dying for numbers and something else
being an idiot if I see someone playing something
and 50 thousand people leave possible men
it's a sign that we shouldn't play that
game the truth is that we like
54,000 and
I do a moment of the day when there
were 150 4000 and it seemed strange to me but I
said they will be thinking you know I'm sorry
but but nothing let's see it's not that you care
you don't care or I mean with 50,000
viewers I'm telling you no
50,000 viewers what the
big ones have more or less
100,000 viewers every day but it
's a sign that well the majority of people don't like them
if the community doesn't support a game I'm not
going to play it and also it's strange that
one because many times one is
talking to you about the air of the
seed bags and people stay listening whatever it
is few times it has happened that now for
some specific reason for some
theme or for some game it goes away in
half for that I put the video I
am very calm of
course  of course here a lot try this game
try this game then you put it on and it goes away
halfway but it happens with this one and it happens with
many but this is something that happens to
all the streams it's because you think there are
streamers who don't make other
content
and I'm not going to give names but you can
imagine or many names come to mind
because you think there are
streamers that name family
what name do you get brings to
mind that they've been doing the
same [ __ ] for 34 years because when they change and
say [ __ ] I'm going to try a game
half the people go away the strippers are the
first ones who are fed up with
the content they make and I'm telling you that those who
talk to them are fed up with their
dick but when they do something else and
innovate because I don't feel like it half of it
goes away then they say social well nothing I'll have to
keep doing it
fed up with
work
and if not let's see with that one or the
same thing happens
there are times when a salsa dancer comes along in a strong period
or when the topic
ends and goes to another
setem to the people I'll pass it on the
salsa dancer topic there you can't be talking for two years
the same falsified know plan the
salsa singer has the chapters that he has to
know how to release the videos that you have to
release but where there is no you can no longer
in fact to me personally it seems to me it seems to
me to
be it a subject has been exploited it is
fine but to exploit the nonsense
these people with the games at least
the option that has an audience that
Mike Leigh's audience you have to be
equal to Michael to Jamaica
well there is one that always talks about the
same thing and that's how they see it how strange
but I did not give it for me I do not
care the truth to me sincerely no I would have
cared before now because
simply well if I see that something does not
work then I do something else nothing happens
but it is true that I think that the
communities sometimes do not support the
streamer much I do not say it for myself I do not say it
for myself I think that with a with a streamer I
do not speak for myself I insist
but mine mustache that one has made a
thread you just sent me
[ __ ] I mean it was mine that was
here and it will be between them that they be warn
my mother my mother hey hai but you
missed seeing  this tweet live and
also take out how many times I talk about you
on my twitter with javi I'm mine you'll see
that they don't ask for [ __ ] greetings but
I hope everything is going well with your life I'm
more concerned about personal things since I don't live
off the internet nor am I interested I'm also not
interested in the fact that of the little that I
've mentioned to you, I've mentioned my
personal issues the most and don't talk to me about
crying live when you've done it
thousands of times hypocrites again that
's not hypocrisy to say that the haters
these hypocrites again don't know what these
people don't consider to be
bad they know, I mean they're short they're
short okay a hypocrisy would be if
I criticized someone because they do
exactly the same thing I mean I've
cried live and I think there have
been two occasions well 3 where I
cried live okay and the three
occasions that have been well well one
was 2019 no that was when the
attack they made on me has not threatened
Lorena
which is obvious I did not cry I cried I cried from
the rage of the impotence that it gave me  of
the limits that those people crossed
then the second time that I cried
live was when it happened to me with a friend I
had a fight with a friend who was
important in my life and it was a
disappointment to me I wasn't
hurt I was hurt no
and for all the three that I had
accumulated I
didn't think about doing it live but I
did it it came out like that and then when the dog thing
that was live it was eliminated at the moment the
live cuts you know but I no no no I don't
criticize you for crying live being
hypocritical would be me criticizing that which
you I am live because
something personal happens to you and you give health with your
followers is that you don't understand the word
hypocrisy these people like you
criticize imagine me criticizing now auro
not for what he's saying damn what
nonsense he's saying to lauro on play
what nonsense lauro is saying on
play man and I don't know what and what else do I think of what he
's saying and tomorrow I dye my
hair red and they say yesterday
criticism you self-employed and today you have
red hair
these people understand the word
hypocrisy they understand it  so I think they
are short I really think they
are short or mine I don't cry for a
personal thing
me
and Angela when the thing with the dog when the thing with the
dog was that when I found out that
the dog had for me in a costume already
hip and when they told me this is
a degenerative disease that I already
imagined the dog in a wheelchair
not the neighbor not only the neighbor not
only as an idiot it's that I wasn't the one
that I was the one with the dog it was that when I
found out I told myself
degenerative disease I don't know what I don't know how much attention
well I paid to myself and I opened directly here and they asked me about the dog because I said that there was the dog crying at night and such and when people started to ask me the guy here it was not source them to the seo I broke down live and I had to cut it off
live because I couldn't speak because
later I found out well that he was fine
with the operation and that the vast majority well
pull through but that they didn't
praise him a disease
degenerative disease but the great it are
specific times because in the end you are here
live and in the end the people  I
met you, see how you are, understands me and they
understand your feelings and everything, and that's because
I already know that in my private life, it's
short, very short, with no funds, the amount of
things that have arisen
and little or nothing, nothing, okay, but now that
you cry because you have been
putting me down on twitter for months because I
stopped following you, that at the time I followed you
because I was a super fan
and you had me in god aitor daz javi javi
the god of javi don't let yourself be followed in a
heavy and shady way
and for what strange things I stopped following you because I
don't want you on my twitter that
appears on twitter, I don't want it on my TV,
girl, the annoying clinics you know
if you start insulting me for months and
weeks to get attention
and in the end I take the test, there was a call
and he looks ridiculous
because he exists, the damn thing, we made fools of ourselves
and this one uploaded xavi, the brat,
I don't remember the name of the video
karime by the name of the
debate video for people who haven't seen it,
that you then the next day do a
live and cry, it
's not the same thing  I mean you're comparing
something as if it were progressive, that's
not hypocrisy a hypocrisy
would be that you had it's because of something that's
happening personally, that your pet, that your
dog, that your mother, that you, that
the government knows something about hurts but that you are
because it's that to make a fool of yourself in a debate
when they've been playing tricks on you for months it
was very sad the worst of all that it's not
hypocrisy at all I don't criticize you
because I'm critical because you cry
live and now you're still obsessed
and what I'm telling you is now to have
this obsessed season again
dedicating your twitter account to me every
day now if I upload a debate to you
again and again you're not going to help
again
and it's that they are all the same
but it's that here these girls are the one that
you had with me that you know that you
know that they are playing that I had a
daughter
[Music] I do
n't know if you have sent me any more screenshots
the obsession that Karime has with Javi
like with me is tremendous
here on the internet I don't care come on to everyone and
honestly I feel like I'm wasting my time it's that I do
n't  interested land that your
twitter is that I have depression that I have
some problems brushes that stay they
dare to imagine gossip and laugh has not
turned around girls you have to
be here that was in 500
people
that is not to say that they are on youtube that
on youtube we have
89 thousand viewers that we are here in
tweets in petit comit 500 people and
that they know that we were here live
please girl
what are they throwing the slvame deluxe
tip of that same thing I
am already really I am already in the
last phase I have already passed the game
and in the last phase but yes there is a
stream it is that I see them that they have been
doing the same [ __ ] for three years and you
see that mouse and you talk to them and they are
fed up but then they
tell you that then they tried to do
something else and instead of having x it goes to
half of the people half of them leave
with which understands that I do that and
I tell them well it is also true of course it is
also true and that is something that
has always seemed to me is that there is a
part of your tve audience for the
topics that  try and another part that sees you
because it's you you know what happened and do you
remember what I said the main channel
we'll see each main if it didn't
fight the main channel
you know you've come out on account today the
main channel dude
the main channel today I uploaded the
video
of I hope you go to jail okay
today I uploaded the video of I hope you go to
jail if in purple you're cool
microphones and with the sticker I like
that microphone I think I'm going to buy it
in the new studio and the video has 54
thousand views this afternoon but the thing is
that in the first two or three hours it already
had thirty-something thousand views
the [ __ ] that's in yellow I'm not
getting a dime for it but oh well but the
question the torso the channel is touched it's
not touched now what makes me
think is the channel is touched or are
some topics already
the channel is touched is that some
topics are no longer worth it
Javier Doval does not exist understand
I would say yes
I would say yes yes existence 2 but
now time I'm from the cluster come on
a [ __ ] then they are  the topics
now without videos with restrictions we have to
see if of course we have to try deleted
look and the one I uploaded two hours ago
of slvame de luxe that I study
also has two videos the
main channel well because it went up that is the
[ __ ] you have to see it man although you know your
honor they looked at it they looked at it the last
video main face the
frustrated interview of slvame de luz what a catch the kid has
made man with the
exclusive that Daz Jr is worth having already
at his 18 thousand visits in two hours or so
even [ __ ] great
very good well
family
well this is what euros thinks I don't know
there are people who were referring to Prez and he is that if
such that if Pasqual I don't think he is
referring to see I am referring to
conversations he has had with his
colleagues but they are conversations that
have to be had
[Music]